API V2 Documentation. (#261)
mautic/developer-documentation-new: docs/rest_api/api-v2.rst

Mautic API v2
#############

A quick overview
****************

Mautic introduces a powerful new REST API built on the robust **API Platform** framework. This modern API provides a more flexible, standardized, and well-documented way to interact with your Mautic data.

Accessing the API
*****************

To access the new API, you must authenticate within your Mautic instance.

The base endpoint for the new API is:  ``/api/v2``.

Once you authenticate, you can start making requests to this endpoint to interact with your Mautic data.

API documentation and discovery
*******************************

The new Mautic API is self-documenting. It means that you can navigate to the ``/api/v2`` endpoint in your web browser while logged into Mautic and see comprehensive, interactive API documentation.

.. vale off

> This documentation provides a detailed list of all available API endpoints, the HTTP methods they support (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, etc.), and the parameters they accept. You can use this interface to test API calls directly from your browser.

Reviewer: Change the parantheses to dashes and tweak the wording for simplicity and clarity.

```suggestion
This documentation provides a detailed list of all available API endpoints, the supported HTTP methods - such as ``GET``, ``POST``, ``PUT``, or ``DELETE`` - and the accepted parameters. You can use the interface to test API calls directly from your browser.
```

Mautic API v2
#############

A quick overview
****************

Mautic introduces a powerful new REST API built on the robust **API Platform** framework.

> This modern API provides a more flexible, standardized, and well-documented way to interact with your Mautic data.

Reviewer: Let's make this one liner as the render result is the same for better organizing.

```suggestion
Mautic introduces a powerful new REST API built on the robust **API Platform** framework. This modern API provides a more flexible, standardized, and well-documented way to interact with your Mautic data.
```

> ----

Reviewer: We don't need horizontal line to split between sections.

```suggestion
```

Accessing the API
*****************

To access the new API, you must authenticate within your Mautic instance.

> The base endpoint for the new API is:  ``/api/v2``

Reviewer: Add a period after sentence.

```suggestion
The base endpoint for the new API is:  ``/api/v2``.
```

Once you authenticate, you can start making requests to this endpoint to interact with your Mautic data.

> ----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

API documentation and discovery
*******************************

The new Mautic API is self-documenting.

> This means that you can simply navigate to the ``/api/v2`` endpoint in your web browser while logged into Mautic, and you see comprehensive and interactive API documentation.

Reviewer: There are a couple of things here. Let's:

- Make this one liner.
- Slightly reword the second paragraph for clarity.

```suggestion
The new Mautic API is self-documenting. It means that you can navigate to the ``/api/v2`` endpoint in your web browser while logged into Mautic and see comprehensive, interactive API documentation.
```

This documentation provides a detailed list of all available API endpoints, the http methods they support (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, etc.), and the parameters they accept.
You can even use this interface to test API calls directly from your browser.

> 

Reviewer: There are a couple of things here. Let's:

- Make this one liner
- For general purpose, "HTTP" should be all capitalized. We can safely ignore Vale suggestion here by applying `.. vale off` and `.. vale on` statements.

```suggestion
.. vale off

This documentation provides a detailed list of all available API endpoints, the HTTP methods they support (GET, POST, PUT, DELETE, etc.), and the parameters they accept. You can use this interface to test API calls directly from your browser.

.. vale on
```
